readme.md, before:



[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/d2988db9-2b31-44b8-8174-2558da78c846/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/webdev-jeopardy/deploys)


## [Live Deployment on Netlify, Click to Play](https://eugenemarkkorkubarasu.netlify.app/)

<!-- https://eugenemarkkorkubarasu.netlify.app -->
*Get Started:*

 1. Clone Repository
 2. Turn on your audio (Optional... but highly reccomended!)
 3. Open public/index.html with a server of your choice in your web browser `http-server public/`
 4. Enjoy

<!-- Using Docker via [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/airbr/webdev-jeopardy):

1. `docker run -d -P --name jeopardy airbr/webdev-jeopardy` 
2. `docker port jeopardy`
3. Visit at the ports assigned! -->

### Web Dev Jeopardy by Eugene Mark Korku Barasu - v4.0


### Current Game:


![](readme-assets/mobilescreenshot-jeopardy.png)

This game started as one of my first ever web projects and was my first application of HTML, CSS, Javsacript and JQuery. This was my beginning. 

In 2024 I have started to revisit this project for some fun and upgraded the libraries used and refactored to make them work.

#### Future development:

* Performance optimize the game by running Lighthouse Audits
* Make the game competitive/two player
* Add a high-score table, or way of saving/sharing a score result

#### Technologies used in this game include:

 * HTML5
 * CSS3
 * ~~Bootstrap 3.3.7~~
    * Bootstrap Upgraded to 5.0.2
 * ~~JQuery 3.1~~
    * jQuery Upgraded to 3.6.3

Resources referred to include:

* [CSS Grid](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout)
* [Bootstrap JS Modals documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/javascript/#modals)
* [jQuery API documentation](https://api.jquery.com/)







# Jeopardy-Website

Commit message:

Many thanks to Morgan Murran for idea.

readme.md, after:



[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/d2988db9-2b31-44b8-8174-2558da78c846/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/webdev-jeopardy/deploys)


<!-- ## [Live Deployment on Netlify, Click to Play](https://eugenemarkkorkubarasu.netlify.app/) -->

<!-- https://eugenemarkkorkubarasu.netlify.app -->
*Get Started:*

 1. Clone Repository
 2. Open public/index.html with a server or text editor of your choice in your web browser `http-server public/`
 4. Enjoy


### Web Dev Jeopardy by Eugene Mark Korku Barasu - v4.1
original idea was from Morgan Murrah.



### Current Game:


![](readme-assets/mobilescreenshot-jeopardy.png)

This game started as one of my first ever web projects and was my first application of HTML, CSS, Javsacript and JQuery. This was my beginning. 

In 2024 I have started to revisit this project for some fun and upgraded the libraries used and refactored to make them work.

#### Future development:

* Performance optimize the game by running Lighthouse Audits
* Make the game competitive/two player
* Add a high-score table, or way of saving/sharing a score result

#### Technologies used in this game include:

 * HTML5
 * CSS3
 * ~~Bootstrap 3.3.7~~
    * Bootstrap Upgraded to 5.0.2
 * ~~JQuery 3.1~~
    * jQuery Upgraded to 3.6.3

Resources referred to include:

* [CSS Grid](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout)
* [Bootstrap JS Modals documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/javascript/#modals)
* [jQuery API documentation](https://api.jquery.com/)







# Jeopardy-Website
